README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cxxr-devel/cxxr.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cxxr-devel/cxxr)

# CXXR

The goal of the CXXR project is to refactor the interpreter of the R language into a fully-compatible, efficient, VM for R using modern software engineering techniques.  CXXR is being carried out independently of the main R development and maintenance effort.

Currently the CXXR codebase is based off R 3.0.2.

## Build Requirements

Compiling CXXR requires a GCC or Clang compiler with C++ 11 support and fortran support.  In addition, boost 1.48.0 or later must be installed.

Compilation of the LLVM JIT requires a Clang compiler and LLVM version 3.4 as well.  (GCC should also be supported in the future.)

CXXR has been tested to compile on both Linux and Mac OSX systems.

## Configuration and Compilation

To build a development build with the LLVM JIT enabled:
  ```
   configure --enable-llvm-jit --enable-maintainer-mode 
   make
   make check
   ```
It is useful to additionally define `-Wall -DNO_CELLPOOLS -DAGGRESSIVE_GC -fsanitize=address -O1` in order to find bugs more easily. 

For release builds, the flags `-Wall -O2 -DNDEBUG -DUNCHECKED_SEXP_DOWNCAST` should be defined.

Currently `make install` is disabled for CXXR.  It can be run directly from the build directory as `bin/R` however.  This will be re-enabled in the near future.

## CXXR Discussion Mailing List.

https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/cxxr-devel

Commit message:

Extend readme for debian builds
On Debian jessie llvm-dev fails to require libedit-dev, even though
llvm-config will include -ledit. This is made worse by the fact that the
automake macro fails break with a helpful error message.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cxxr-devel/cxxr.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cxxr-devel/cxxr)

# CXXR

The goal of the CXXR project is to refactor the interpreter of the R language into a fully-compatible, efficient, VM for R using modern software engineering techniques.  CXXR is being carried out independently of the main R development and maintenance effort.

Currently the CXXR codebase is based off R 3.0.2.

## Build Requirements

Compiling CXXR requires a GCC or Clang compiler with C++ 11 support and fortran support.  In addition, boost 1.48.0 or later must be installed.

Compilation of the LLVM JIT requires a Clang compiler and LLVM version 3.4 as well. On debian libedit has to be installed additionally.  (GCC should also be supported in the future.)

CXXR has been tested to compile on both Linux and Mac OSX systems.

## Configuration and Compilation

To build a development build with the LLVM JIT enabled:
  ```
   configure --enable-llvm-jit --enable-maintainer-mode 
   make
   make check
   ```
It is useful to additionally define `-Wall -DNO_CELLPOOLS -DAGGRESSIVE_GC -fsanitize=address -O1` in order to find bugs more easily. 

For release builds, the flags `-Wall -O2 -DNDEBUG -DUNCHECKED_SEXP_DOWNCAST` should be defined.

Currently `make install` is disabled for CXXR.  It can be run directly from the build directory as `bin/R` however.  This will be re-enabled in the near future.

## CXXR Discussion Mailing List.

https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/cxxr-devel
